双语：世界500强CEO绝对不合作的七类人(2)　　And don’t become the drowning person. If you ever feel worried about something at work, you sense something bad coming your way or you screw up big time, avoid the fear by taking some action. Talk to someone, your boss, your mentor or a peer to get information that will quell your fears. Or fess up and find out immediately what repercussions are headed your way for the screw-up so you’re not worried about the unknowns. Do whatever you need to do in order to avoid becoming the fearful one。　　也别成为溺水者。如果你曾经为工作上的事感到担心，你会觉得坏事即将到来，或者浪费大把时间采取行动来逃避这种恐惧。与他人、老板、导师或同龄人聊天，以获取信息来平息恐惧。或者坦白并立即寻找搞砸会有什么后果，这样就不用为未知担心。做必要的事以避免成为胆小怕事者。　　The other day, a friend of mine posted a message on Facebook FB +0.12% stating her frustration that people keep calling her upcoming maternity leave a “vacation。” She mentioned a litany of things that have to be done while you’re on maternity leave (none of it sounded remotely vacation’ish). She referenced this because she felt judged and persecuted for her decision to take the time off。　　某一天，我的一个朋友在Facebook发布了一条信息，说不断有人把她即将到来的产假称作“度假”，她感到很沮丧。她提到了在产假里需要做的一连串事情(做这些事丝毫不像是在度假)。她引用这些是因为她觉得她的休假决定遭到了非议。　　Consider now the single person. If you haven’t been in this demo for awhile, you might not be aware of this, but single people are also victims of workplace apathy. I’ve actually heard the sentence, “You can stay late tonight to finish this, right? I gotta get out of here and it’s not like you’re going home to a family。”　　再想想单身的人。如果你脱离单身有一段时间了，你可能意识不到这一点，但单身的人也是职场冷漠的受害者。实际上，我听过这样的话，“今晚你可以留下来完成这个，对吧？我得走了，反正你好像没有家人在等你回去。”　　Everyone is dealing with something. Everyone feels judged and misunderstood every once in awhile. And everyone feels the sting from these moments. Show some compassion even when you’re having trouble putting yourself in their shoes。　　每个人都有需要处理的事情。每个人都会觉得曾经被人妄下结论和误解。每个人在这种时刻都感觉到痛苦。就算你无法站在他们的立场思考，至少也要表现出点同情心吧。　　Don’t be the apathetic coworker. The grass isn’t always greener, even though it may appear so。　　不要做麻木不仁的同事。篱笆另一边的草未必更绿，哪怕它们看起来如此。　　Anytime you’re successful or experience something great in life or your career, I guarantee you that someone somewhere will doubt that you earned it the good ‘ol hard-working way. That someone somewhere is the sore loser。　　无论是你成功或是在生命或职业中经历好事时，我保证总有人在那怀疑你是不劳而获的。这种人就是输不起的人。　　A sore loser will think you got that deal because you’ve got an important last name. Or that you were hired because your Mom sits in the corner office. Or that you simply got lucky (literally and figuratively)。　　输不起的人总觉得你能拿下那笔生意是靠背景。或者你能被雇佣就是因为你母亲是高管，亦或只是你走运了。　　You can’t stop a sore loser from thinking what they want and you can’t convince them out of their opinion. The only way to battle a sore loser is to make sure they’re not right (it might surprise some of you ladies that yes, business can indeed be conducted outside the bedroom!)。　　你无法让一个输不起的人停下来想下他们要什么，也无法驳倒他们的观点。唯一与之斗争的方法就是证明他们是错的(是的，这些懦夫们也许不知道，生意确实是可以在卧室外进行的)！　　Use your connections and your network to get ahead, but do your own dang work. Show results. Then the sore losers will disappear one by one。　　使用你的关系和人脉去取得进展，但做好自己的本职工作。拿出成果。然后那些输不起的人会一个个消失。　　There’s harmless gossip and then there’s malicious gossip. Harmless gossip is…harmless. But you must avoid the malicious gossiper completely. In fact, put large amounts of space between you and this person。　　有无恶意的闲话，就有恶意的闲话。无恶意的闲话就是……无害的。但你必须完全避开那些恶意的闲话者。事实上，对这种人应退避三舍。　　Assume that since they’re willing to share really bad information with you, they’re sharing it with other people. They’re kind of like the flu。　　如果他们愿意与你分享特别坏的消息，那一般情况下他们也会与将其与他人分享。他们就像流感一样。　　If you run across a malicious gossiper and they start talking, whatever you do, don’t agree with them. Because the next thing you know, your sentence of “Oh, I agree with you – I bet she totally slept with that guy to get that job” will be shortened to “So and so just told me that so and so slept with so and so!” And voila, you’re screwed。　　如果你遇见个恶意的闲话者，他们开始交谈，不管做什么，你都别赞成。因为不久你就会发现，你的那句“噢，我赞成你——我打赌她肯定跟那谁上床了才得到这份工作”会被精简为“那谁刚告诉我，谁跟谁睡觉了！”恭喜，你倒霉了。　　I recently attended an event where several startups were invited to pitch. One woman stood up to sell her idea to a room undoubtedly full of millions, a big opportunity for a small company. She looked sharp and ready. But then she opened with, “Don’t worry, this isn’t a crappy website that does blah…"　　最近我出席了个活动，许多创业者被邀请来演讲。在无疑满是百万富翁的房间里，一位女士站起来推销她的想法，这对于一个小公司是一个大机会。她看起来精明而沉稳，然而她的开场白是：“别担心，这不是那种蹩脚网站……”　　Well shoot. For the remainder of her presentation, I assumed her website was crappy。　　说得好。在她之后的演讲中我基本上就假设那是个蹩脚的网站了。　　The Apologizer will discredit themselves as soon as they open their mouth. They will start a presentation with qualifying statements like the one above or they will ask for a raise by saying, “I know we don’t have a lot of money, but…” They lose these deals because they show a massive lack of confidence in the statement, regardless of topic。　　妄自菲薄者在开口时会先贬低自己。他们会像上面那样以资格声明作为演讲的开始，或许他们在要求加薪时会说：“我知道我们钱不多，但是……”他们的失败是因为他们在陈述中大量缺乏信心，不管话题是什么。　　You don’t necessarily have to avoid this person. Just don’t be this person. The company pays you a salary because they think you’re worth it. You have every right to be in the room and to be having that conversation right then. Why act like you don’t belong there?　　你不一定要躲开这种人，但不要成为这种人。公司付工资给你，是因为他们认为你值这个价钱。你有充分的权利呆在这房间里进行正确的谈话。为什么要表现得你好像不属于这里？　　Repeat the following statement as many times as you need to before you have an important conversation or make a presentation: Be confident, not cocky。　　在你进行重要谈话或演讲时，根据你的需要尽可能多地重复下面的话：自信而不自大。　　Then own the heck out of it. Your career depends on it。　　然后坚持到底迎接结果。你的职业生涯取决于此。&nbsp;