双语：哈佛商学院教给学生的加薪谈判技巧　　Nearly half of workers (49%) don't negotiate their first job offers。　　几乎有一半的人(49%)在得到第一个工作机会时没有进行谈判。　　Oftentimes, it comes down to a lack of experience in negotiating, which can be a tricky step for most。　　通常情况下，这样做是由于缺乏谈判经验，这对大部分人来说都是棘手的一步。　　A new survey published at CareerBuilder found that the more work experience candidates gain, the more likely they are to negotiate that first offer。　　发表在凯业必达网站一项新的调查发现，用户的工作经验越多，他们在工作录用机会前更有可能进行谈判。　　Participants in the study who were at least 35 were 55% likely to negotiate the first offer compared to 45% of workers between the ages 18 to 34. Furthermore, men (54%) tend to negotiate for higher salaries than women (49%)。　　在参与研究的受试者中，35岁以上的有55%的人在工作录用机会前进行谈判，而18岁到34岁的人中这个概率是45%。另外，男性(54%)比女性(49%)更容易就薪水进行谈判。　　But whether you have negotiating experience or not, pushing for what you want at the beginning of your career will have payoffs later on in your professional life。　　无论你有没有谈判经验，在职业生涯一开始就奋力争取会为你以后的职业生涯带来回报。　　Below, Deepak Malhotra, a professor at Harvard Business School, provides negotiation tips for his business students。　　"It's not enough that you believe that you deserve it," says Malhotra. "It has to be believable and justifiable to them." Essentially, don't ever ask for something without giving a good explanation of why you deserve it and why it's a legitimate thing to ask for。　　“光你自己认为这是你应得的这还不够，”马尔霍特拉说。“对别人来说，必须是可信的、合理的。”从本质上讲，在没有给出合理的理由说明为什么这是你应得的以及为什么你所要求的是合理的之前，不要去要求。　　While it's important to fight for what you deserve, Malhotra also says to keep in mind that you still need them to like you at the end of the day. "They need to be able to want to do it for you," he says. Learn to walk the thin line between promoting your successes and coming off as arrogant。　　虽然争取你应得的非常重要，马尔霍特拉也说过，要记住，你仍然要让他们在考虑过后仍然喜欢你。“你需要让他们想为你这样做，”他说。学会在促进成功和去除傲慢之间保持平衡。　　No matter how much someone wants to do something for you, they may not be able to due to internal constraints. Before the negotiation process, "you want to spend a lot of time figuring out where they're flexible, where they're not flexible," he tells Harvard business students。　　无论有人多么想为你做些事情，但由于内部的约束，可能都无法实现。在谈判过程之前，“你得花大量的时间弄清他们哪些地方比较灵活，哪些地方不够灵活，”马尔霍特拉告诉哈佛商学院的学生。　　Basically, you need to understand what they can give. Keep in mind that they still need to sell the deal to their higher ups, so if the company is hiring 20 other people from your school, it might be difficult for them to explain why you deserve a higher salary。　　其实，你需要理解他们能给予什么。记住，他们仍然需要高卖，所以，如果公司从你的学校雇了20人，那对他们来说就很难解释为什么你的薪水要高一些。　　It might make them push harder and faster for you if they think someone else might scoop you up, but they also need to believe that they have a real chance at hiring you。　　如果他们认为别人可能挖走你，那他们可能会更努力、更迅速地说服你，但他们也需要相信他们真有机会能让你成为他们的员工。　　Says Malhotra: "Nobody is going to go fight for you, go to bat for you, expend political or social capital internally for you if they think at the end of the day you're going to say, 'Thanks, but no thanks.’　　"马尔霍特拉说：“如果他们认为考虑过后，你会说，‘谢了，但我不感兴趣。’那就没人愿意去争取你、去帮你、为你在内部花费政治或社交资本。”　　People often think negotiating is all about persuading the other person to think the way you want them to, Malhotra says. And although that plays a part, "nothing is fundamentally more important than understanding the person on the other side of the table from you."　　人们经常认为谈判就是劝说另一人去以你想要的方式去思考，马尔霍特拉说。虽然这是其中的一部分，“但没什么事情比你去理解另一方的人更为重要。”　　Who are they? What do they like? What are their interests? What are their constraints?　　他们是谁？他们喜欢什么？他们有什么兴趣？他们受什么约束？　　Malhotra says you need to learn as much as you can about a company to understand the bottom line and why they're interested in you. Then you can align your interests with theirs。　　马尔霍特拉说你需要尽可能地去了解一个公司，去理解他们的底线以及为什么他们对你感兴趣。然后你就可以和他们的利益保持一致。　　If you get an offer and you have a few concerns, bring them up all at once. Don't list a few things, and then list a few more later in the process。　　如果你有一个工作机会并有一些担忧，那么立刻全部提出来。不要先列出几个，然后在这个过程中又列出几个。　　"You can imagine why that's really annoying," Malhotra says. Hiring managers want to get all of your concerns upfront, so that they can go back to their bosses once and come up with a workable solution。　　“你可以想象为什么这样做很烦人，”马尔霍特拉说。招聘经理在前期想知道你的所有顾虑，这样他们可以回去和老板商量并提出可行的解决方案。　　It's also important to say what's most important to you. Otherwise, the employer may think that they've met you halfway, while you feel that they opted to change the least important details。　　说出对你来说最重要的事情也是非常重要的。否则，雇主可能认为他们还是不能完全了解你，而你觉得他们只选择改变最不重要的细节。　　There's always a reason the employer is asking you something. To answer adequately, you need to understand why the questions are asked。　　雇主问你问题总是有原因的。要想恰当地回答，你需要理解为什么会问这些问题。　　"Don't get stuck on what they're asking you," he says. "Figure out why they're asking you." When a hiring manager asks if you're interviewing elsewhere, for example, they're really trying to figure out how fast they need to act to get you before another company moves in。　　“不要卡在他们问你的问题上，“他说。“弄清楚他们为什么问你。”例如，当招聘经理问你是否在别处参加了面试，他们实际上是想弄清在其他公司行动前他们的动作需要有多快。　　Malhotra says that sometimes things that sound like ultimatums will be said as an attempt to show "a position of strength," but it doesn't always mean that it's actually an ultimatum。　　马尔霍特拉说有时候听起来像最后通牒的事情是用来显示“强势地位”，但是这也不总是意味着它真的是最后通牒。　　If someone says "we never do this," the worst thing you can do is ask them to repeat it. If they find out that they are able to do it for you later, they will be embarrassed if you call them out on it. In short, let them make the ultimatum a big deal, but don't make it a big deal for them。　　如果有人说“我们从不这样做”，你做的最糟糕的事情就是让他们重复说一次。如果他们发现他们以后可以为你这样做，但你说出来的话，他们会感到尴尬的。总之，让他们把最后通牒弄得像回事儿，但是不要让他们觉得是小题大做。