囧研究：文科学生更早有性爱体验(双语)　　Think back to your college years. Did you spend more time at the lab bench than at the bar? Was getting a date harder than organic chem? If you carried protection was it for your pocket? We thought so。　　A study published in the current issue of the journal Sexual Health found that science students were more likely to be virgins than their artsy classmates。　　Researchers in Australia surveyed 185 men and women, ages 16 to 25, at the University of Sydney on their sexual history and STD knowledge. Responses to questionnaires revealed that “art students were younger [and] more likely to be sexually active” than science students (who, presumably were too busy doing homework to get out and get busy)。　　And on average across groups, males were less likely to have had sex than females。　　As for the reasons behind the disparity between art chicks and science geeks, lead author Bernadette Zakher, of the university’s Department of General Practice, reserved comment, saying that the survey did not delve deeply into demographics or sexual history, “There isn’t enough information for conjecture。”　　Nature podcast editor Adam Rutherford has a few ideas. “I just hate it when stereotypes are right,” he posted on the UK’s Guardian website. “The research does not go into the potential causes of this lack of bedroom activity by my boffin brethren, nor does it detail the worthy sacrifice of cheap carnal thrills for rational agility and mental development, which I have convinced myself lies at the root of this problem. That, and the personal hygiene issues。”　　He blames a dearth of sexy role models for today’s blossoming men of science, citing, for instance, Charles Darwin’s marriage to his cousin and positing that Sir Isaac Newton “almost certainly died a virgin。”　　The main purpose of Zakher’s research was to look at young people’s attitudes toward chlamydia screening. “The important findings,” she says, “are that young people are not aware or concerned about chlamydia infection despite their risk for acquiring it。” As if talking to girls wasn't already scary enough。　　回想你的大学生活，大部分时间你是花在在实验室的凳子上还是酒吧？你是不是觉得约会比有机化学还难？你是否还把约会小心翼翼的保护在你的口袋里？我们是这样认为。　　在最新一期出版的《性爱健康》杂志上公布的一项研究结果认为理工科的学生比文科学生更能保持童贞。　　研究人员在澳大利亚的悉尼大学调查了185名年龄在16到25岁的男女学生的性爱历史和性病知识。从调查问卷的回答显示：文科学生比理工科学生(可能他们更专心忙于做研究而不能分身)更早的有了性爱体验以及在性爱上更为主动。　　从群体平均来看，女性很可能比男性更早的有了性爱体验。　　至于文科女孩和理工痴迷者的差异的原因，该文主要作者悉尼大学全科医学部的Bernadette Zakher谨慎的评论说，这个调查没有对人口特征或性爱历史做深入的分析，“该调查没有足够的信息用来做推测”。　　他在英国《卫报》网站上发表评论说：“我只是反感研究结果认为这个老套的定论是正确的，这个研究没有深入我的兄弟们缺少性爱的潜在原因，也没有详细描述为了理智活泼和心智成长，廉价的性欲兴奋感的牺牲是值得的。我已经确信这个问题谎言的根源，毕竟这是一个私人的健康卫生问题。”　　他指责当今的理工科男生的成长缺少性爱榜样，比如，查尔斯·达尔文和他的表妹结婚，以及艾萨克·牛顿被认为“死的时候还是一个处男”。　　Zakher的研究主要目的是观察年轻人对于衣原体检查的态度。她说：“最重要的发现是年轻人没有意识到或担心衣原体传染，尽管他们可能会受到威胁。”似乎和女孩子们交谈时她们还没有足够的警惕。