囧调查：大学男生每周花两小时看A片(双语)　　Young men spend an average of two hours a week viewing pornography on the internet, a survey found。　　The poll of more than 1,000 people aged 18 to 24 by BBC Radio One Newsbeat found that one in four men feared they were watching too much. In contrast young women, aged between 18 and 24 watched an average of just 15 minutes of adult material each week。　　One in three light users, who spent less than an hour a week viewing porn, said they had missed a deadline or appointment as a result。　　But this figure rose to four out of five among the 4 percent who were heavy users watching more than 10 hours a week - which is regarded as 'problematic and potentially compulsive' by doctors　　"Those people spending large amounts of time accessing porn are not having more fun. They are more worried about themselves, more worried about what they are looking at, and report more relationship problems," Dr Heather Wood, from the Portman Clinic, said in the program。　　One in three young adults who were light users felt their use of pornography had upset a partner or caused relationship problems, rising to seven out of 10 of those who watched more than 10 hours。　　And one in four said viewing pornography made them less interested in sex with a partner, rising to three out of five for heavy users。　　Hannah Ewens, 19, said young men were even expecting their girlfriends to act like porn stars in the bedroom。　　"All the guys my age that I know watch it regularly," she told the program."Whenever they talk about sex they're having with actual girls they talk about it in the same way as they do about porn. If that's what they're learning, then that's what they're going to be taking into the bedroom. And what guys think a good girlfriend is in bed is like whatever these porn girls are doing."　　一项调查显示，年轻男性每周会花两小时在网上观看色情电影。　　英国广播公司第一频道的访谈节目Newsbeat 进行的这项调查共有超过1000人参与，年龄在18至24岁之间。其中四分之一的受访男性认为自己看色情电影时间太多，而受访女性称平均每周会花15分钟观看色情电影。　　那些自称不怎么收看色情电影的人(平均每周低于1小时)中，有三分之一表示常因看黄片而误了事情或错过约会。　　有4%的人每周观看色情电影超过10小时以上，他们中五分之四的人会因此耽误事情或错过约会。医生认为他们这种类似隐性强迫症的行为会导致很多问题。　　波特曼诊所的希斯？伍德医生在节目中称："其实那些花大把时间看色情电影的人并没有获得多少乐趣。他们对自己的行为和观看的内容更为担心，同他们的伴侣关系问题也更多。　　那些自称不常看黄色录像的受访男性中有三分之一感觉他们的行为让自己的伴侣沮丧，抑或造成双方关系紧张，而那些经常看黄色录像的人，更是有70%称和自己伴侣的关系紧张。　　四分之一的受访者称看黄色电影会降低对性行为的兴趣，而那些经常看的人，五分之三的人称自己性趣下降。　　19岁的汉娜 伊文思称男孩子想让他们的女友模仿电影里女演员的动作。　　她在节目中说：“和我同龄的男孩子都经常看。每次他们聊起这个话题，就说他们的女朋友在床上就像电影里演的那样。如果这就是他们从黄色录像里学到的东西，他们和女孩子上床时就会让对方模仿类似的动作。男孩子心目中的最佳女友，就是在床上能像那些女演员一样取悦他们的女孩子。”　　文章来源：原版英语