双语：世界500强CEO绝对不合作的七类人　　There are an endless amount of characters in the workplace。　　职场上有各种各样的角色。　　There’s the lady you find in the break room, always on a diet and commenting on your weight (God help you if you are proportionate, she will eat you alive). The guy who shows off way too many baby pictures of his not-that-cute-kid. The girl who stays in her office with the door shut, even during fire drills. And the dreaded over-talker who never gets the hint (which might explain why that one girl stays in her office)。　　休息室那个女人，永远都在节食而且喜欢对你的体重评头论足(假如你不幸身材匀称，那就准备好做她那张利嘴之下的牺牲品吧)；初为人父的那个男同事，总是没完没了地炫耀他那不怎么可爱的孩子的照片；永远紧闭办公室大门的那个女孩子，就连消防演习也不出来；还有那个可怕的话痨，从来不知道何时该知趣地闭嘴 (这也许是那女孩子呆在办公室不出来的原因)。　　We all play roles in our workplaces, many of which are unique to only our office. But there’s a standard cast of characters as well. You can find varieties of them anywhere you go, but they all share the same skill sets. They are the ones who will succeed and the ones who will fail。　　我们在职场上都扮演着各自的角色，有些则是我们的办公室里独有的，但也有标准的角色类型。你到哪都能找到这类人，他们都有着相同的技能，他们分别是会成功的和会失败的类型。　　In lieu of filling you with fluffy “this is what a successful person looks like” talk, I thought I’d take the opposite route. The following is a list of people who stand out for all the wrong reasons. Fair warning: If you don’t know who this person is at your office, it might be you。　　与其轻浮地教导你“成功者是什么样的”，我宁愿反其道而行之。下面列出由于各种错误的原因而脱颖而出的人们。预先奉告：如果你不知道办公室里的这种人是谁，那可能就是你。　　If I’ve learned anything over the years, it’s that you should never believe everything a company says. Don’t believe them when they say they don’t expect layoffs (the mere mention of that word suggests they’re on the way). Don’t believe that they’ve offered you the highest salary they can. Don’t believe them when they say they can’t negotiate your raise. And definitely don’t believe them when they say “this year has been really bad, but next year you’re going to get hooked up on that promotion you want!”　　如果说多年来我学到了什么，那就是你绝不能相信公司说的所有话。不要相信他们说不会裁员(这个词会被提起，就说明这已经在他们的计划之中了)；不要相信他们向你提供的是最高限度的薪水；不要相信他们说不能协商加薪；更绝对不能相信“今年形势相当不好，但明年你就能得到想要的升职”这样的鬼话。　　When a boss, HR rep or recruiter (or anyone playing a role in your career and financial success) states something that makes you tilt your head to the side and think “huh…that seems sketch,” don’t just accept it。　　当老板、人力资源代表或招聘人员(或任何在你的职业生涯和财富成功上扮演此角色的人)说的话让你歪头思考“嗯……这似乎不靠谱”，千万不要接受。　　As I’ve said before, the car dealer will act like he can’t budge on a number. But if you stand up and start walking to the door he’ll automatically find a discount for you. Companies are in it for the bottom line even when they’re negotiating things with their employees. They want to encourage you to stick around while also finding a way to save money. And it saves them money to give you a smaller raise, to skip a round of promotions, to make you work through Christmas. Don’t fall for it。　　正如我之前讲的，汽车经销商会表现得不能对数字让步。但当你起身走人，他立马就会主动给你打折。公司处处以自身利益作为首要考虑，甚至在与其员工谈判时也不例外。他们想要鼓励你留下，同时也在寻求省钱的方法。给你低一点的加薪，跳过一轮升职，或者让你坚持到圣诞节后，都可以帮他们省钱。不要信以为真。　　Groupthink is a psychological problem that runs rampant in workplaces. Even more if you’ve got a large population of “longtermers” in a corporation. Groupthink is why technology isn’t updated, why policies are outdated, why there’s no new blood (or ideas) on a team, why you hear the sentence “you can’t do that, that’s not how we’ve always done it!”　　集体主义是在职场中猖獗的心理问题，尤其是当一个公司里有大批“长期雇员”时更是严重。集体主义导致技术不能更新，政策过时，团队没有新鲜血液(或想法)，以及听到类似于“你不能那么做，这不是我们一贯的做法”这样的话。　　It’s easy to spot these people, especially if you’re new to a company. They sit in clumps together and they make bizarre statements in meetings, they do the same things every day and they complain when their life is disrupted by something (or someone) new。　　发现这些人很容易，尤其是在你刚进入公司时。他们坐成一团，在会议中进行奇怪的发言，他们每天做同样的事，他们抱怨新事(或新人)扰乱了他们的生活。　　If you fight against a mass of groupthinkers, you run a high risk of failure, persecution, derailment and tons of frustration. But if you engage and join them, you will become stupid and possibly unmarketable for your next career jump. Take your pick。　　如果你跟一群集体主义者对着干，就面临着失败、被迫害、被排挤的高风险和无数的挫折。但如果你参与和加入他们，你将变得愚蠢，在下次跳槽时可能没有市场。自己选吧。　　People do ridiculous things when they’re scared. Just ask anyone who’s died in a horror movie (I mean, who drops the phone and runs up the stairs?!)。　　人们在害怕时会做出可笑的事情。你可以去问下恐怖电影里挂掉的人(我想说的是，这些人是有多蠢才会在遇到危险时丢下手机往楼上跑呢)。　　Fearful people will cause you serious amounts of trouble at work. If they’re scared of getting fired, they will find a way to point a finger at you. If their project is failing, they will suggest your role was to blame. Drowning people will grab whatever they can to keep their head above water. Don’t stand too close and become that object。　　胆小的人将给你的工作带来相当多的麻烦。如果他们害怕被解雇，他们会找到方法把麻烦转嫁给你。如果他们的项目失败，他们会找你来背黑锅。溺水的人会抓住任何他们可以抓住的东西以将头部保持在水面上。别靠得太近否则你就会成为牺牲品。