剩男剩女必读：如何一个人过得精彩(双语)　　Loneliness is a feeling I know very well. I live  in an apartment with no one but my dog, and I don’t get a whole lot of  company because most of my friends have moved to another town, got  married and had a family, or simply lost touch due to life happening. As  someone who considers himself a loner, I loved the peace and quiet at  first, but I found myself feeling very lonely within a few months. 我对孤独有着切身体会：一人一室一狗，少有陪伴。许多朋友都搬到了其他城市，结婚生子过日子，有些也因生活变迁而失去了联系。我自认为是个独行侠，刚开始也很享受平和与安静；可接下来几个月，我发现自己常常感到孤独。　　My space went from clean to chaos, my  productivity crashed and burned, my thoughts took a turn for the worse,  and I couldn’t find much interest in anything more than watching movies  on Netflix. After living a few months in a haze of sloth, I realized I  had a serious problem and decided to learn how to live a happy life  alone. This article tackles six key things I learned along the way。房间开始变得凌乱不堪、效率低下、情绪低落，除了在Netflix上看电影，我对任何事都提不起兴趣。过了几个月的混沌日子后，我感到自己很有问题，必须学会一个人也能过得开心才行。下面就是我领悟到的六个方法。　　When you’re not around other people, it is  easy to lose interest in tidying up your home. You might find yourself  with a sky high pile of dishes and mountains of clutter everywhere you  turn if you’re not careful. Even if you don’t have a roommate or company  that frequently walks in your door, it is in your best interest to  clean house at least once per week. 一个人生活时，很容易马虎应付房间整理。如果得过且过，家里很快就堆了成叠的盘子和杂物。哪怕很少有室友或朋友来串门，每周至少也得打扫一次房间。　　If your home is a disorganized wreck, expect  to feel stressed out as soon as you walk in the door. A clean home free  from clutter will help you feel happy and organized。要是家里乱七八糟，一进门肯定会感到头大。干净整洁的房间才会使你井然有序、心情愉悦。　　Your thoughts can be your best friend and  worst enemy. Have you ever noticed that if you find yourself thinking  even a single negative thought, it inevitably spirals out of control  until you have a nasty chorus of Mental Monsters taking over your brain?  If you find yourself thinking, “I feel so lonely right now,” it’s easy  to keep that thought process going in the wrong direction until thoughts  like, “I will always be alone,” or “no one will ever love me,” creep up  on you。思想既是益友又是劲敌。你注意到没有：只要脑中闪过一丝消极念头，就会引起恶性循环，直到自己完全被心理恶魔打倒才罢休？当你自认为“我此刻很孤独”时，消极想法便很容易蔓延，最后你甚至觉得“我永远都会这么孤单”或“永远也不会有人爱上我”。　　Be aware of what you’re thinking about and  stop your negative thoughts before they grow into Mental Monsters that  are much harder to control. If you find yourself stressing out, do  something that relaxes you. Light some candles or incense, take a nice  hot bubble bath, perform some gentle yoga poses, or play soothing music。因此，你必须留意自己的想法，谨防消极念头演变成无法控制的心理恶魔。紧张烦躁时，去做点能让自己放松的事情。点上蜡烛熏香，泡个热腾的泡泡澡，练练瑜伽，或奏一曲舒缓的音乐。　　Being aware of world events is totally okay,  but becoming addicted to the news is a sure-fire way to sink your mood.  Limit your news consumption to a small handful of articles per day  because there is no reason to bury yourself in depressing news stories  for hours on end. 了解世界新闻无可厚非，但完全沉浸其中无疑是自讨无趣。每天限制只读几篇新闻报道，毕竟，没必要把时间浪费在众多负面新闻中。　　Watching television is fine in moderation,  but spending all of your free hours in front of the tube will do nothing  to help you grow or feel better. Read a classic novel you adored in  high school, go to a local community theater to enjoy a racy comedy or  Shakespearean tragedy, and exercise at least every other day to keep  your mind and body at the top of their game。适当看看电视也挺不错，但若把所有闲暇时间都耗在电视机面前，既不利于成长，也影响情绪。不如读一本高中就喜欢的经典小说，去社区剧院看一场欢乐喜剧或莎翁悲剧，隔天锻炼健身，让身心永远保持良好状态。　　The best way to feel happy alone is to spend  your time creating something that brings you joy. You could write a  novel or self-help book and self-publish it on Amazon, start a blog  about a topic that fascinates you, go the the park and paint a landscape  to hang on your wall, or learn a new language, like German or Spanish. 单身想要过得开心，最好的办法就是创造能给自己带来快乐的东西。你可以尝试写小说或自助读本，然后在亚马逊上出版；或针对喜欢的话题开一栏博客，去公园写生并把画作挂在墙上，学一门新语言(例如德语或西班牙语)。　　Sometimes it is hard to motivate ourselves to  get to work creating at home, so if you’re feeling a lack of  inspiration, pack up your notebook and laptop for a field-trip to a  park, coffee shop, or downtown bench. A simple change of scenery can do  wonders for your productivity。有时一个人在家往往缺乏主动创新的动力，所以，要是觉得没灵感，可以带上电脑和笔记本，去公园、咖啡馆或市内长椅坐坐。简单的环境改变也能大大提高效率。　　Who says you can’t go to a movie or eat out  by yourself? I love treating myself to hot dates because I can choose to  go wherever I desire without considering anyone else’s opinion. Going  out by yourself will help you become comfortable with being alone。谁说单身就不能看电影或吃大餐了？我就很喜欢和自己约会。因为我可以随心选择自己喜欢的地方，不必顾虑他人想法。一个人出行可以让你更自在地享受单身状态。　　Have you ever felt so lonely that you didn’t know what to do with yourself?有时候，你是不是觉得自己特孤单，真不知道该怎么办？　　If so, what did you do about it? Having  friends and family is great but we all need to learn how to live a happy  life alone. Please share any tips you have for the single folks who are  reading this!这时你是怎么做的呢？身边有亲人朋友陪伴固然美好，但我们也应该学会一个人也能过得开心。如果你有什么建议给单身朋友，请分享吧！