Facebook研究：28%的夫妻是校园情侣(双语)　　It’s a small romantic world after all。　　这毕竟是一个充满浪漫的小世界。　　至少脸谱网的数据科研小组是这样认为的。他们对脸谱网的匿名用户中年龄超过21岁、称自己“已婚”的美国夫妻在社交网络上提供的资料进行了调查，包括夫妻双方就读的高中和大学校名。　　According to the results, 15% of couples on  Facebook attended the same high school and 28% attended the same  college. Some couples went to both the same high school and college, but  the study controlled for that by only counting the first school they  each attended together in the results。　　研究结果显示，脸谱网上的夫妻中有15%去过同一所高中，28%去过同一所大学。一些小夫妻既是高中同学又是大学同学，但是研究结果仅将他们共同就读的第一所学校计算在内。　　The results showed that couples who attended  high school in rural as opposed to urban areas were more likely to marry  someone from the same school. Smaller, more conservative and religious  colleges tended to have a higher likelihood of married graduates than  other schools. For example, the study found that more than half of  Brigham Young University graduates on Facebook also had a spouse who  attended the school。　　研究显示，乡村地区的高中同学们比城市地区的高中同学们更倾向于选择对方。在规模较小的、保守党执政地区的或是宗教背景的大学就读的大学生相对其他学校学生，更有可能结为夫妻。例如，研究发现半数以上的杨百翰大学毕业生的配偶是他们的同校。　　As with any study, there are a few caveats to  take into account when considering the results. To begin with, only  people aged 25 or older at the time the data was collected were included  in the study, and the couple had to attend the same school within four  years of each other. People who did not list a college on their profile  pages were excluded from the study。　　和任何其他的研究项目一样，一些影响结果的现实因素必须考虑在内。首先，该项研究只收集了当年年纪在25岁以上的人的信息，然后，夫妻双方必须在同一所大学就读四年才被考虑在内。最后，没有填写自己所就读大学信息的人被排除在研究之外了。　　Of course, there is no way to tell if a  couple hooked up before or after they attended the same school or if the  relationship began while they were enrolled。　　当然，我们无法得知，一对夫妻是在进入同一所大学之前、入学之后，还是在待录取的时段里选中对方的。　　“The count is a rough proxy for the chance of  finding a spouse at the school,” wrote Facebook data scientist Sofus  Attila Macskassy, who along with colleague Lada Adamic conducted the  research and wrote about their findings on a Facebook page entitled,  “From Classmates to Soulmates。”　　索菲斯·阿迪那·麦克卡西说，“这一研究只能粗略的估算在校园里找到配偶的可能性”，索菲斯是脸谱网的数据研究员，他和同事拉达·阿达米克一起进行了这样研究，他们已经将研究结果发布在脸谱网的页面上，题为《从同学到灵魂伴侣》。