校园性教育缺失 超600万大学生做人流(双语)　　When looking at the part-time jobs notices posted near the canteen of Beijing Union University, Kang Jia, 22, avoids being seen by others。　　22岁的康嘉(音译)是北京联合大学的一名学生。每次在食堂旁边的布告栏上搜寻兼职广告时，她总是会躲躲闪闪。　　“Many of the ads are about abortions. It would be very embarrassing if somebody thought I was looking for an abortion,” she said。　　她说：“其中很多都是人流广告。如果被人误以为我在看这些，这会很难堪。”　　According to the results of a recent survey by China’s National Population and Family Planning Commission, more than 13 million abortions are conducted in China every year. More than 50 percent are for females under the age of 25.　　根据国家人口与计划生育委员会最新的一项调查显示，中国每年有超过1300多万例的人工流产。其中超过半数的是未满25岁的年轻女性。　　“The majority of those who get abortions are college students,” said the commission’s report。　　该报告称：“大多数接受人流的都是大学生。”　　An increasing number of young Chinese people are adopting a more casual attitude toward sexual relationships. But the absence of sex education on campus can lead to various problems among college students. Experts say it is vital to inform students about sex, not only for the sake of their personal health but also for the sake of the wider society。　　在中国，越来越多的年轻人对待两性关系的态度愈加开放。但校园性教育的缺失却为大学生们带来了各种各样的问题。专家们认为开展性教育不仅关乎于学生的个人健康，而且对整个社会也是至关重要的。　　According to Yang Xiong, a researcher at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, one reason for this trend is that China’s economic development has led to a gradual easing of moral standards in society。　　上海社会科学院的研究员杨雄(音译)认为，中国经济的发展导致社会道德标准逐渐松绑，这是造成这一趋势的原因之一。　　“Another reason is that young Chinese people can now easily access information relating to sex on the Internet,” said Yang。　　杨雄说：“另一个原因便是现在的年轻人能轻而易举地在网上接触到各种涉性信息。”　　At the same time, the popularity of GPS-based mobile applications has made it very easy for young Chinese to meet up for casual sex, reported The Daily Beast, earlier this year。　　今年年初，美国新闻网站《每日野兽》就曾报道说，基于GPS的移动应用程序的普及为中国年轻人寻找一夜情提供了便利条件。　　Increasingly permissive attitudes toward sex in China have led to a record number of unwanted pregnancies in the country. Statistics show that increasing numbers of Chinese teenage girls are getting pregnant due to a lack of sex education, reported Shanghai Daily last year。　　在中国，人们对于性的态度越来越放纵，致使意外怀孕的数量创下新高。去年《上海日报》报道称，有数据显示，由于性教育的缺失，中国青少年女性意外怀孕的人数日益增长。　　“We are usually busiest two to three months after the summer vacation and other festivals such as Valentine’s Day,” Zhang Zhenrong, director of Shanghai’s only hotline for pregnant girls, told the newspaper. “Sometimes we receive almost 1,000 phone calls a day from teenagers。”　　作为上海唯一一家青少年意外怀孕热线的负责人，张振荣说：“暑假以及情人节等节假日后的两三个月，通常都是我们最忙的时候，有时一天会接到近千个青少年的咨询电话。”　　According to Xia Xueluan, a sociologist at Peking University, a lack of sex education reaches beyond health issues, such as STDs and HIV, and causes social problems too。　　“Sex education is supposed to teach students that sex is not entertainment or even a game, but more about responsibility and integrity, both socially and individually,” Xia said. “Wrong attitudes toward relationships cause high divorce rates, which also have a negative impact on society。”　　夏教授说：“性教育应该让学生认识到，性不是娱乐消遣，更不是一场游戏；更多是关于社会以及个人的责任与诚信。错误的情感态度导致离婚率居高不下，同时也对整个社会造成不良影响。”　　According to Kang Jia, it has become common for college student couples to live together in a rented apartment。　　康嘉表示，大学生情侣租房同居的现象十分普遍。　　“Some student couples live just like a husband and wife, especially juniors and seniors,” said Kang. “But usually those who live together have bad grades in school。”　　她说：“一些学生情侣，尤其是大三、大四的学生就像夫妻一样生活。而通常这些同居学生的成绩都很差。”　　本文来源：可可英语